Please click on the output button for milestones and this will be a short lectures not much to talk
about here.
I just pulled through all of your future milestones.
If you've written them down they'll appear here.
If you don't want to include this additional future milestones options here you can click it and de-select
it.
And if you've completed the profit margin Geographic milestones etc. I include it here otherwise just
disable that and then down here you can turn off past milestones if you want or turn them on whatever
completely your call.
I know it's not a placable that everybody and we've got just other geographic and other milestones that
are automatically populated here.
We are making amazing progress.
Wow.
We're almost done the entire qualitative part of the course.
So I will see you next in the Step 11 other category and puts in analysis.
Thanks.